# Minutes Team 05-b

## Week 7, Wednesday, 11:00 CET, on Discord

#### Participants: Rein,  Tudor, Georgio, Lucas (chair)
Pablo was absent for unknown reasons

- 11:00 - 11:05 Welcome & waiting for everyone to arrive
- 11:05 - 11:10 Short recap of last week's meeting
- 11:10 - 11:30 How did sprint 7 go, any issues or problems, how far along is everyone with their features, sprint ends tomorrow
    - Tudor and Rein thought we should try to follow the deadlines better
    - Georgios noted it will probably go better now have more logical deadlines
    - There was some confusion about division of the Georgios and Lucas. They both did the same.
- 11:30 - 11:40 Discuss about the javax entity stuff in the API
    - Discussed, we'll make a mr to fix the issues
- 11:40 - 12:00 Assigning issues for sprint 8
    - Done, see gitlab
- 12:10 - 12:20 Assigning next chair and minute taker
    - tbd
- 12:20 - 12:45 Extra discussions for unplanned stuff
- 12:45 - 12:50 Wrap - up

THE NEXT MEETING WILL BE ON 9 DEC (PREFERABLY ON CAMPUS), UNLESS WE DECIDE OTHERWISE

