# Minutes meeting Team 05-b
Week 6, Tuesday, 14:00 CET, on Zoom  

The minutes were taken bij Rein Lakerveld
## TODO
## Important
- Change the labels of issues while working on them.
- If we want to pass this course, we need to work during the christmas break.
To be specific, everyone must finish 4-5 features before Januari 11
- Planning Sprint 7 https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1OPR_g4roUrYbemaZYijWDCQKmf5wEmS0F
- Next meeting will be Wednesday 27 at 11:00, unless it won’t work
Participants: Tudor (chair), Lucas, Rein  
 

- 14:00 - 14:05 Welcome & waiting for everyone to arrive 
  - Pablo didn’t arrive 
  - Georgios couldn’t come today
- 14:05 - 14:10 Minute Taker assignation 
  - Rein is the minute taker
- 14:10 - 14:20 Formally uploading our sprint on gitlab through Milestones 
  - We haven’t had proper gitlab sprints yet 
  - We made a milestone for sprint 6. This sprint will end on Thursday
  21 Dec.
  - REMEMBER: change the labels of issues while working on them.
- 14:20 - 14:50 Sprint 6 review: What went wrong on everyone’s part, what
was difficult, expectations for the future including buddycheck results (~6
mins per person)
  - We (Tudor, Lucas, Rein) noticed it is difficult to keep working on the
  project during the week. We all rush our features and want to merge
  it just before the deadline. It makes it difficult to achieve the best
  results. 
  - We haven’t ordered the issues correctly. Tudor do some database stuff
  to finish his issue, while it wasn’t part of his work. 
  - We think we should work during the christmas break, as we are
  currently behind
- 14:50 - 15:05 Overview over the amount of issues we should do in each
week, having the deadline of the project in mind 
  - In the next 3 weeks (including the christmas break), we should each
  finish at least 4-5 issues from the list in gitlab
- 15:05 - 15: 15 Break
1
- 15:15 - 15:40 Planning poker for Sprint 7. For this, I have made a spread-
sheet during OOPP exactly for this, but let me know if you want to use
other tools!
  - See the document. Everything is in there 
  - https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1OPR_g4roUrYbemaZYijWDCQKmf5wEmS0F8frG6hw9fc
- 15:40 - 15:45 The discussed issues get assigned on Gitlab, including the
  Milestone for Sprint 7 
  - Done
- 15:45 - 15:50 Assigning next chair and minute taker 
  - Lucas will be chair 
  - Rein will remain the minute taker 
  - Next meeting will be Wednesday 27 at 11:00, unless it won’t work
- 15:50- 16:15 Extra discussions for unplanned stuff 
  - Sprint retrospective: Rein will write the sprint 6 retrospective on
      friday 
  - Let’s do some team building: Among Us or Lethal Company or
      something similar 
  - We’ll try and do coming friday evening 
  - We’ll use a dev branch
- 16:15 - 16:20 Wrap-up
